[PUSH-NOTIX] Correct the erroneous alert note about Webhook retries (#9539)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/creating_a_webhook.md

{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3 role="presentation" }

{% alert note %}

> Braze retries the above status codes up to 5 times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If Braze is unable to reach your endpoint, retries may be spread over a 24-hour period.<br><br>Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze retries the above status codes up to five times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If we can't reach your endpoint, retries may be spread over a 24-hour period.<br><br>Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.
```

> Braze retries webhook sends up to 5 times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If Braze [preemptively detects an unhealthy endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/help/help_articles/api/webhook_connected_content_errors/#unhealthy-host-detection), retries may be spread over a 24-hour period instead.<br><br>Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Braze retries webhook sends up to 5 times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If Braze [detects an unhealthy endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/help/help_articles/api/webhook_connected_content_errors/#unhealthy-host-detection), retries may be spread over a 24-hour period instead.<br><br>Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.
```

Author: We'll use Ian's proposal, word "preemptively" is not going to be there anymore :)

Reviewer 2: perfect (that's pretty close to what I had in Slack anyway 😛 )

> Braze retries webhook sends up to 5 times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If Braze [preemptively detects an unhealthy endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/help/help_articles/api/webhook_connected_content_errors/#unhealthy-host-detection), retries may be spread over a 24-hour period instead.<br><br>Each webhook is allowed 90 seconds before it times out.

Reviewer 3: i don't think this language is really perfect either because the 24 hour retry is much broader than just pre-emptive checks for unhealthy endpoints - it's any retry where we didn't receive a response code - whether that retry was from liquid, from USPD, from client timeouts, connection resets, dial failures in the moment...

How about something like:

> Braze retries the above status codes up to 5 times within 30 minutes using exponential backoff. If Braze is unable to reach your endpoint, retries may be spread over a 24-hour period

?

Author: Yeah, I do like your wording more, let's do it this way

Author: Changed!
